Many of you in my audience have already guessed it.
Who is this mysterious figure?
We'll find out soon
Ah, can't it really be that Witt?
But doesn't he never show up?
I made an exception this time. I don't know if Witt is really here.
That's got to be front page.
The entire entertainment industry will be shocked.
Witt never appears in public
He is a very powerful and
Low key musician
Or rather an artist
Since he never participated in Albert
That proves he's not committed to it
So this award is definitely not his.
Miss Jiang is so funny
If you don't see the organizer's hand card with your own eyes
I really can't believe it either.
Everyone in the circle wants to see the real Witt
Really come to the scene
That's impossible.
Today is mine
I'm not going to let this Witt steal my thunder
Down sit down
Here we go.
Witt, who has won 5 Albert Awards from the Disabled Persons' Federation
Accept the award for the first time